User Class – The User class is an abstract class that has two functions; to initially launch the application, and to store all the data generated by the application.
Patient Records Class – The Patient Records class stores all of the necessary information about every patient in the system.  The class uses a treemap where the keys are the health care numbers of the patients, and the corresponding values are either the Treated Patient Class, or the Untreated Patient Class.
Nurse Class – The Nurse class inherits from the User class and has the most responsibility in the application, which makes sense because this is an application for nurses. The Nurse class initially inputs the information to the Patient class, and can also view and update each patient’s record. The Nurse class records the time of the doctor’s visit in the Treated Patient class. The Nurse class can also access a list of the Untreated Patient class ordered by arrival time, as well as access a list of the Untreated Patient class ordered by Urgency.
Urgency Class – The Urgency class is an abstract class that stores and calculates the Urgency of a given patient.  The Urgency class will extend the Patient Record class, and have information about the variables age, temperature, blood pressure, and heart rate to give an urgency rating between 1 to 4. 
Patient Class – This abstract class stores information about each individual patient. The vital signs, symptoms, name, birthdate, and health card number all go into this class. Each of the vial signs(age, temperature, blood pressure, and heart rate) are stored in an integer value, and used to calculate the urgency of the patient. The symptom, name, and birthdate are in string form, and the health card number would be an integer. 
Treated Patient Class – This class is a subclass that inherits from the Patient class. Treated Patient also stores when the time when the patient is seen by a doctor as an integer. The treated patient class collaborates with the Urgency class, and can return a Boolean depending on if urgency has gone up or down since the last time the nurse recorded any data.
Untreated Patient Class – This class is also a subclass that inherits from the Patient class. Non –treated patients store the time of arrival of the patient as an integer value so it can be accessed in a sorted list by the nurse class. The class also stores the urgency of the patient for similar reasons. 

This application will store its final data in a .txt file, while storing intermediate data within the java code. 

